# Artemis Financial - Practices for Software Security 

The client for this project was Artemis Financial. They are a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for their clients. After finding my clients’ software security vulnerabilities, I did particularly well patching vulnerabilities caused by using outdated dependencies. It’s important to code securely since new vulnerabilities can be easily introduced to your code. If we code securely, this adds tremendously to the well-being of the company by saving lots of time and money that would have otherwise costed more in maintenance. This will also protect the company’s collected data and prevent them from violating government reputation. The part of the vulnerability assessment that was the most challenging to me starting off was reading the dependency check report created by the OWASP dependency check effectively. Once I learned to effectively read the dependency check report document, it became the most helpful tool.

I increased my layers of security by encrypting the client-server communication using the AES-SHA-256 algorithm. I also updated the outdated dependencies for secure coding practices to mitigate their introduced vulnerabilities. In the future, I would use a tool such as Sonar to test for vulnerabilities during the CI/CD pipeline as well. I made certain the code and software were functional and secure by manually testing the application, manually reviewing the code, and performing a static test using OWASP’s dependency check. After refactoring the code, I would perform the dependency check again to identify any newly introduced vulnerabilities before manually reviewing and testing the code again. The OWASP dependency check is a helpful tool that I definitely see myself using in future assignments and tasks. This tool will help me to ensure that I’m releasing and sharing the most secure code. One thing from this assignment that I want to showcase to future employers is my ability to detect and mitigate vulnerabilities in code. This skill is useful in maintaining a secure code environment since security vulnerabilities can be addressed immediately before sharing or releasing the code.
